isAllBlank - walag null empty or blank sa >1 strings


Case Study 13: Expense Tracking System
General Description
(Details here)

User Stories
User Story 13.1: View Home Page
As a User I want to view the application home page when I log in so that I have easy access to the features of the application and quickly see relevant information.
The user should see the home page of the application after entering the web application’s URL.
The home page should contain the following:
1.	Name of application
2.	Reserved area for functions. Place holders should be placed instead of actual links for functions. Functions will be added through succeeding user stories.
3.	Reserved area for default views. Nothing to be displayed for now. Views to be displayed will be determined by succeeding user stories.
Actual content of reserved areas is out of scope and will be specified by other stories.
Acceptance Criteria
1.	Base application URL leads to home page.
2.	Home page displays web application name
3.	Home page has visible areas for functions and default views.

User Story 13.2: List Expense Categories
As a User I want to see expense categories so that I can see budget for each category.
(Details of story here)
Out-of-scope
(Details here)
Dependencies
(Details here)
Acceptance Criteria
1.	(Criteria 1)
2.	(Criteria 2)
3.	(Criteria 3)

User Story 13.3: Add Expense Category
As a User I want to add an expense category so that manage my budget better.

User Story 13.4: Set Monthly Budget for a Category 
As a User I want to be able to set the monthly budget for a category so that I can budget my money.

User Story 13.5: Add Expense
As a User I want to add an expense transaction under a budget category so that I can track my expenses under that category.

User Story 13.6: Show Budget Report for Current Month
As a User I want to see a budget report for the current month so that I can see how well I’m budgeting my money.

User Story 13.7: Show Budget Report for a Category
As a User I want to see all my expenses for an expense category so that I can see how much I’m spending for that category.

User Story 13.8: Show Category Expenses for a Given Month
As a User I want to see all my expenses for an expense category so that I can see how much I’m spending for that category.


http://webcodesolution.blogspot.com/2017/01/create-animated-pie-chart-using-css3-and-simple-jquery-with-example.html

https://codepen.io/JFarrow/pen/fFrpg

https://app.moneytracker.cc/

https://github.com/ayastreb/money-tracker

https://codepen.io/seklerek/pen/zKDce